hey how's it going Dave 2d here so this
is a video that's not one of my regular
hardware videos it's about something
that has plagued Windows laptops for a
really long time it's this issue that
just keeps popping up here and there and
doesn't matter if your laptop is new or
old or expensive or cheap it doesn't
matter because you can still have this
issue
it's the trackpads there are Windows
laptops out there lots of them that have
really crappy trackpads and it boils
down to one thing
software if you have great hardware like
this one glass surface great button
mechanics but it's got crappy software
it's running eland drivers and if you're
one of those laptop owners that's
running something with an eland driver
or a synaptic driver you're not having a
good time with the trackpad at least you
can have a better time with your
trackpad using Windows precision drivers
and this video explains how to put those
drivers onto your existing laptops so
first you have to figure out whether
your laptop is running eland drivers or
synaptic drivers and to do that you just
go into control panel
check out the device manager and you'll
be able to see what you're running and
if you're not running either one of
those to your other running Windows
precision drivers already or you're
running something weird that this video
can't help you with okay once you figure
out which one you have either a LAN or
synaptics you download one of the two
files that are linked in the video
description one is for people with
synaptic trackpads and the others for
people with eland trackpads and
depending on which one you have just
download the appropriate one but in case
you're wondering both of these files are
actually from Lenovo they weren't meant
for this kind of hack that we're doing
if they were meant for something else
obviously but they work perfectly for
this kind of replacement of the synaptic
or Elan trackpad drivers so once you
have the file you extract it either by
running the exe or unzipping it and
it'll place all the files into a folder
called drivers in your route and then
you go into your device manager again
right-click your trackpad whether it's
the e line one or a synaptic one and
then you go update driver browse my
computer choose let me pick and then
click on have disk now if you have a
laptop with an eland driver you go for
the ETD INF file and for laptops with a
synaptic trackpad choose the synaptic
driver so basically you're replacing the
existing drivers on your laptop
they be eland or synaptics and you're
replacing them with Windows 10 like the
windows precision touchpad drivers which
are so much better and the biggest
difference you'll notice is I mean
tracking is smooth and everything
tracking is just much more accurate with
the winners precision drivers but the
big one is gestures being able to use
the Windows 10 gestures both accurately
and reliably makes the trackpad so much
better ok before you run off to do this
I need to leave a couple kind of
disclaimers with you first you do this
at your own risk I've obviously tested
this on many computers probably 40 maybe
50 laptops and for the laptops that this
worked on they've been great but for the
ones that it didn't work on they
exploded no for the ones I didn't work
on they just the drivers just won't
update windows will be like sorry bud
you can't take these drivers and that's
the end of that but the other thing to
keep in mind is that you can't let
windows overwrite your new drivers with
like an automatic windows update that's
very very annoying because sometimes you
won't even know that it's updated and
all of a sudden the trackpad is gone
back to its bold disgusting self and
you'll have to figure out that hey it's
because windows over wrote it and you'll
have to redo the process so you just
need to make sure that you're kind of
downloading the appropriate update you
don't want to download something that's
like the new elan or the new synaptics
driver you want to avoid those and the
other thing to keep in mind is that if
if you want to you should probably
backup or find a backup of your old
existing drivers in case you want to
revert back to them so go to your
manufacturer download that driver in
advance before you do any of this stuff
before you try it ok hope you guys
enjoyed this video I really hope this
was helpful because this has existed for
probably over a year kind of it's gone
better over time especially with a new
Lenovo driver that just recently came
out like maybe 2 or 3 weeks ago it's way
better now this works on a lot of
laptops enjoy ok thumbs if you like this
video subs if you loved it see you guys
next time
[Music]